Add New iOS Pasteboard Tests MASTG-TEST-0278, MASTG-TEST-0279, MASTG-TEST-0280 (#3289)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: Document/0x06h-Testing-Platform-Interaction.md

- No long-running background tasks are allowed but uploads or downloads can be initiated.
- App extensions cannot access the camera or microphone on an iOS device (except for iMessage app extensions).

#### Pasteboard

> Apps can access the iOS pasteboard using the [`UIPasteboard`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uipasteboard) API. It allows apps to share data either within the app or across apps. However, the systemwide nature of the general pasteboard introduces privacy and security concerns, particularly when sensitive data is copied programatically without user interaction.

Author: ```suggestion
Using the [`UIPasteboard`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uipasteboard) API, apps can access the iOS pasteboard, allowing them to share data either within the app or across apps. However, the system-wide nature of the general pasteboard raises privacy and security concerns, especially when sensitive data is copied programmatically without user interaction.
```

There are two types of pasteboards:

- **General pasteboard (`UIPasteboard.general`)**: Shared across all foreground apps and, with Universal Clipboard, potentially across Apple devices. Persistent by default across device restarts and app reinstalls unless cleared. Requires user interaction for access as of iOS 16.

> - **Custom or named pasteboards (`UIPasteboard(name:create:)`, `UIPasteboard.withUniqueName()`)**: App-specific or team-specific. Non-persistent by default since iOS 10 and restricted to the creating app or apps from the same team ID. Apple discourages using persistent custom pasteboards and recommends [using App Groups](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/Xcode/configuring-app-groups) for sharing data between apps of the same developer.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Custom or Named Pasteboards (`UIPasteboard(name:create:)` and `UIPasteboard.withUniqueName()`)**: These are [private pasteboards](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/StringsTextFonts/Conceptual/TextAndWebiPhoneOS/UsingCopy%2CCut%2CandPasteOperations/UsingCopy%2CCut%2CandPasteOperations.html) that are app- or team-specific, i.e., restricted to the app that created them or other apps from the same team ID. They are non-persistent by default since iOS 10 (deleted upon app termination and system reboot). Apple discourages the use of persistent custom pasteboards and recommends [using App Groups](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/Xcode/configuring-app-groups) for sharing data between apps of the same developer.
```

In earlier iOS versions, malicious apps could monitor the pasteboard from the background.

> - Since iOS 9, access to the pasteboard is restricted to apps running in the foreground, significantly reducing the risk of passive clipboard sniffing. However, if sensitive data remains in the pasteboard and a malicious app is later brought to the foreground (or an app widget which is on the fireground everytime the user is on the screen it's located), it can still access that data without user consent or visibility. See [example attack](https://www.thedailybeast.com/facebook-is-spying-on-your-clipboard).

Author: ```suggestion
- Since iOS 9, access to the pasteboard is restricted to apps running in the foreground, significantly reducing the risk of passive clipboard sniffing. However, if sensitive data remains in the pasteboard and a malicious app is later brought to the foreground (or an app widget which is on the fireground every time the user is on the screen it's located), it can still access that data without user consent or visibility. See [example attack](https://www.thedailybeast.com/facebook-is-spying-on-your-clipboard).
```
